india trailing by 242 and two of their
most experienced players
at the crease it's day three of the new
year's pink test
and j mcgraw day here in sydney
shot a few short balls to
try and unsettle him i don't know about
runs
[Music]
[Applause]
just past short leg just closed himself
off
wade's left hand just couldn't grip it
it's a great effort goes for that over
mid-on
opening up now india first six of the
morning
pulled in played it on exactly what
australia needed
and it's pat cummins again and it's
rouhani the captain just looking to
maybe advance the scoreboard a little
bit more in the last few hours this time
he looks delayed
sort of cut one that was too close to
the body
it's more aggressive from pajaro moves
his feet punches it away
and picks up his first boundary
that's nicely cut two from pajaro
two boundaries in three deliveries
you will see that everywhere what an
effort by
jay hazelwood that is absolutely
outstanding let alone from any fielder
but let alone your big fast ball it's in
the middle of a spell
he was on his knees he got it in one
motion on his knees
through the ball and that's how
that is absolutely brilliant
[Applause]
that's a good shot it's a fraction sure
but he's been good enough
got quick hands rashad punt
that's through the offside he's not
happy with himself nathan lyon
a much needed boundary for india though
[Applause]
tim very excited
you can see no hot spot appearing on the
glove
and i've got no spike
on sneaker the australians
will not believe that
he's gone for that the man out the deep
bishop hunt's not taking any of that
slash tie and wide it's the way he plays
oh we taking one on the body is it
maybe the arm just wondering whether it
got him under that elbow
it's a grid run out hazel would yeah
his slowest 50 in test history
and it means a lot to josh hazelwood an
important partnership breaker nice
simple wonderful slip davey warnock
thank you very much
[Applause]
so one thing he hasn't been he's stuck
on the crease he's either gone forward
or back
a little bit of extra bounce from pat
cummins maybe the effort ball
but the changing field has done the
trick and cummins he has been
magnificent today
[Music]
nicely caressed by ashwin to get off the
mark
and he'll fetch four for it as well
[Applause]
i want him to hit what is it happening
out there with ashwin
that's an easy single easy single yeah
straight to him well it doesn't get any
better than that in terms of planning
one move one ball and straight in the
bread basket
to jadaisia who's been starved to the
strike
he cuts it away nicely pekovsky will
have to give that one away
[Applause]
looks like the third run out another
direct hit
that's insane we were just saying about
how well
the australians have fielded and the big
quicks this time it's minus lavish
stepped up
[Applause]
gee that's nicely played that's his
first battery and test cricket as well
he'll enjoy that
hold onto your hats here jadaisia takes
on the short ball from stark
oh gee that's a good short ball so
there's a concern with jadaja
the other concern will be rishabh hahn
pulled hard from jadaja it's a beautiful
qriket shot
little tickle on that one paddy cummings
ends up with four for 29.
india they trail on the first innings by
94.
takes it on and takes it on nicely would
be the opening boundary
[Applause]
beautiful shot from pokowski off the
back foot it'll be a boundary
[Music]
[Applause]
has to go and india get the vital
it's breakthrough driven by warner
doesn't take off at his usual speed
[Applause]
well that's wide and manus is not going
to let that pass him by
ah that's help yourself stuff you can't
bowl that on this type of pitch we're
just talking about it
that might be an issue that long stride
to defend against the spinner
sweeping to be an issue
well you'd imagine warren will go
upstairs and does
impact is in line and wickets is
unpassed call
great start from ashwin can he be the
man for india two deliveries one wicket
that's nice put away nicely
yeah that's through the gap it wasn't
much of a gap it was probably a couple
of meters
[Applause]
smith advances throws his hands at it
didn't get all of it but got enough of
it
that is a glorious strike from smith
absolutely beautiful
[Applause]
shot flowing drive from steve smith
yeah nicely threaded through by minus
lavashayne
mars lavashame finishing on 47 australia
with a lead
of 197
and a wonderful day for australia
in what was a decisive day in this test
match
and in the series as well